#2317 documentation variable expansion (#2966)
pypa/pipenv: docs/advanced.rst

☤ Support for Environment Variables
-----------------------------------

> Pipenv supports the usage of environment variables in values, only in the ``[[source]]`` section. For example::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pipenv supports the usage of environment variables in place of authentication fragments in your Pipfile.  These will only be parsed if they are present in the ``[[source]]`` section. For example::
```

    maya = {version="*", index="pypi"}
    records = "*"

<<<<<<< HEAD

> Environment variables is better specified as ``${MY_ENVAR}``.

Reviewer: This isn't a stylistic choice or a suggestion, which is why we originally used the wording we did.  Here you suggest that it is "better" to specify them only one specific way, which implies that windows users are less important.  It also takes the form of a suggestion or a recommendation when in fact there is only one way to do it at all if you are a linux user, and one way if you are a windows user.  If you don't follow the specific way, your variables won't get parsed.

Hopefully that makes sense, but even if it doesn't please leave this wording as it was as @uranusjr originally asked.

But they may be ``$MY_ENVAR`` or ``%MY_ENVAR%`` on Windows.
=======
Environment variables is better specified as ``${MY_ENVAR}`` or ``$MY_ENVAR``.
On Windows, ``%MY_ENVAR%`` is supported in addition to ``${MY_ENVAR}`` or ``$MY_ENVAR``.

> >>>>>>> 575e961c1327023fb7115bc441784a745012fdac

Reviewer: Please clean up the merge artifacts here

    maya = {version="*", index="pypi"}
    records = "*"

Environment variables is better specified as ``${MY_ENVAR}``.

> But they may be ``$MY_ENVAR`` or ``%MY_ENVAR%`` on Windows.

Reviewer 2: I believe `$MY_ENVAR` is supported in POSIX shells as well, not just on Windows. The previous wording is correct.

Author: Yes $MY_ENVAR is supported in POSIX shell, I wanted to say that the last option was specific to Windows only, I'll try to change the text to reflect this better
